hey this is my review of the lego star
wars snowtrooper battle pack and your
2010 set I also have the rebel 1 i'll be
reviewing that probably tomorrow because
my camera is running out battery so I'll
do this clip get minifigures of this for
you get this imperial officer he has
like um kind of a neat face very
detailed binoculars the cool ones double
torso he's awesome you got to snow
troopers the one these guns come also
with echo base in the a 80 and they have
like this parts like all one thing it's
all one thing it's really cool yet to
there's only one on the speeder there
and you get the ATA tu pilot ok so this
guy is really detailed he's like this
kind of looks like an episode 3 clone
it's just I don't like how there's like
black at the back there but nice double
torso clue on the back he has like um
Imperial symbols their next detailed a
lot of different tiny like designs
that's pretty much it on this feeder you
can get in there a public gunship and
I'll just get the speeder to compare it
so as you can see it it's the exact same
set detroit and the white works much
better much better yet like a little
command post thingy yeah it's your some
facebook put the imperial officer at the
computer and then at this thing we put
this dude here okay here if like kind of
the satellite and then computer I'd like
a radar two things to put the two guns
it kind of these two guns and then a
rifle form of snow trippers let other
guys riding the thing just looks fire
missile thing looks okay let me show it
to you it's like just like this thick
thing here and you like this and then
you can twist him I'll meet your hands
there we go and it actually has to be
attached to something like a base play
it won't works good really cool design
and this is it's a nice little trooper
battle pack review pretty much this is
the box 74 pieces number 8 08 force from
trooper battle pack building toy six to
12 ages lego star wars to build an army
set for many figures on the back it just
shows the rebel 1 i'll be reviewing that
peace out lady wise